# TelegramBotCarInsurance
Link for car insurance sales: t.me/assistant_car_insurance_bot
This project uses the library Telegram.Bot.
To use it, you must create a class Constants, which must have Telegram bot token and the file path to the insurance document (you can find the insurance document in the folder DocsForTestPurpose).
When the user starts the conversation, the bot introduces itself and explain that its purpose is to assist with car insurance purchases. The bot asks the user to send it photos of their passport and vehicle identification document. To help the bot understand which document the user wants to send, the user must click the button with the corresponding document. If user does not do this, the bot will send a message instructing them to use the appropriate document buttons. If user, for example, clicks the passport button and sends a photo of their passport, the bot will ask the user to send a photo of their vehicle identification document. The user must again click the button to send the photo.
When the user sends all the required photos, the bot extracts data from these documents for user confirmation (this is done by imitating the Mindee API). If the user disagrees with the correctness of the received data, the bot asks the user to retake and send new photos. If the user agrees that the data received is correct, the bot informs the user about the insurance price and asks the user if they agree with the price. If the user disagrees, the bot apologizes and explains that previously indicated price is the only one available. If the user agrees, the bot sends a dummy insurance policy document (which imitating Open AI API) and thanks them for the purchase.
